Base on {Rails 4.1 Starter Kit}[https://github.com/starterkits/rails4-starterkit]
Bootstrap 3 / Foundation 5 + CoffeeScript + Sass + Devise + everything else you need to get into production, fast.

= Overview

Rails 4.1 Starter Kit is a starter app with production ready performance, security, and authentication.

This project was extracted from several apps running in production over the past couple of years and upgraded to Rails 4.1.

Unlike most starter apps that focus on kick starting development, Rails 4.1 Starter Kit is opinionated and production ready.
It combines the best gems, best practices, and optimized configuration to minimize common mistakes and repetitious
framework setup.

Beyond configuration and tests, the bulk of Rails 4.1 Starter Kit code is the authentication flows.
The app provides well designed UX flows for social logins (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) as well as connecting additional
accounts after sign up.

== Status

* *Configuration*: excellent — all configuration keys are in one file and overridable with ENV vars
* *Development*: good — support for Zeus and Spring
* *Test*: fair — 65% code coverage; auth flows need more tests
* *Production*: good — used in several production apps

= Requirements

The following services need to be running on localhost in order for rails server
to start without modifying config files.

* PostgreSQL[http://www.postgresql.org/] — app data; switchable to MySQL, MongoDB, etc.
* Redis[http://redis.io/] — background job queues
* Memcached[http://memcached.org/] — session data

= Installation

Gemfile is configured for OSX development. See comments in Gemfile for Linux.

  git clone https://github.com/starterkits/rails4-starterkit.git
  cd rails4-starterkit
  
  # For Bootstrap 3, stay in master branch
  # For Foundation 5, check out foundation branch
  git checkout foundation
  
  bundle install

  # Make sure postgres, memcached and redis are running locally
  # On OSX with brew...
  /usr/local/opt/memcached/bin/memcached
  redis-server /usr/local/etc/redis.conf
  postgres -D /usr/local/var/postgres
  
  # Setup the db
  rake db:setup

Modify vars in config/application.yml. Generate new secret tokens or your app will be hackable!